hi guys as Ben Heath from lead guru and
in this video I'm going to give you
three keys to success with Facebook's
app install ads so I've ran campaigns
Facebook advertising campaigns designed
to generate app downloads and a penis
tours for a number of different
companies and and Facebook's a fantastic
place to go after app installs and the
targeting options are really specific
the platform lends itself really well to
that sort of advertising and I've been
able to generate app installs for a low
as one dollar fifty each and that's in
really expensive markets that's in sort
of European North America markets
usually cost quite a lot to advertise on
Facebook and consistently across
multiple campaigns and so ok let's get
into it so the three key to success the
first one is to use the app installs
campaign objectives so facebook have a
specific campaign objectives that
designed to help you generate installs
of your app and when you select a
campaign objective you're basically
saying to Facebook this is what I want
from my campaign and which is really
important because Facebook's advertising
algorithms they'll go in and they'll you
know analyze the people within your
target audience they'll work out who is
most likely to download this app based
on sort of all the data they've got on
them so make sure you select the right
campaign objective a couple of things
that I've seen with this is I've worked
with companies before that have sent and
people that they want to use their app
to their website first and the logic
behind that was we'll send it to our
website website it's got loads of
information about how the app works
etcetera etcetera you don't want to do
that with the app installs and add
objective uses a sent directly from
Facebook to the location where they can
download the app so App Store Google
Play Store whatever it is and and it's
sort of a rule in digital marketing that
you want to make things as easy as
possible for people because if you do
more people are going to do it if you
have that extra step in there of taking
people to your website first you're
going to see drop-off rates it's gonna
cost you more wrapping the store so
definitely use that objective and same
applies with video that's the other
thing I've seen with this and if you're
using a video to advertise your app
which is great by the way I'm gonna get
onto that in a minute and don't use the
video views campaign objective that's
something I've seen you still want to
use app in stores that's gonna get you
the lowest cost per app install which is
of course what you want from your app
install ads so that's tip number that's
a key to success number one number two
is to use look-alike audiences when
you're targeting people so if those you
don't know look-alike audiences are it's
a targeting option within within
Facebook the
consists of a group of people that are
very similar to another group of people
and this is fantastic for us Facebook
advertisers for example you can upload a
list of existing customers or in your
case app users and you can say to
Facebook look this is my source audience
create me a look-alike audience from
this source audience and then Facebook
will generate an audience within the
countries that you want to target off
people that are very similar to your
existing app users and this is a
fantastic targeting option Facebook have
got tons of data on their users and they
can really accurately work out okay
we've worked out that you know men this
age or women this age that are
interested in these three things are
really likely to use this app and be
interest in this app therefore that's
who we're going to put it in front of
that's just gonna get the best results
so we found that when we've run various
different targeting options you know
people who might be interested in
industry other cold audience targeting
options look-alike audiences
consistently perform the best now you do
need to have a hundred app users you
need hundred people in your source
audience to be able to create a
look-alike audience and but you know for
most mobile apps or desktop apps that's
not going to take very long if you know
if you want to grow you're gonna hit a
hundred very very quickly so as soon as
you've got to that hundred mark look to
include look-alike audiences okay then
number three is that video ads are
better than image ads now this is
basically true across Facebook as a
platform videos are much more engaging
you know form of media when videos show
up in people's newsfeeds and either on
their desktop or their mobile it's gonna
grab them attention a lot more there's
gonna be even though it starts on silent
there's movement that's gonna grab
people's eye as opposed to regular image
ads it's also a really good way of
getting over of explaining what's
wrapped does how it works why these
people might want to use it you can
probably convey you know in a minute
long video or a 90 second video a lot of
what your app does and the benefits of
using it it's a lot easier to do that
than trying to convince people to read a
lot of text in an image ad or try and
get that message across with a straight
up image so you can use video instead of
image there can be a little bit more
difficult to create but those ads are
likely to perform much better I really
like demonstration videos for apps
specifically so if it's appropriate for
your app then that could work really
really well show it being you
you show how it works what it does
that's why stuff that can work really
well and a bonus tip is to target the
Friends of your page like so we've
already talked about look-alike
audiences as being a really good
targeting option to use when you're
advertising an app on Facebook but
another one is the friends of your page
likes and explain why so and the vast
majority of your page likes if you got a
specific Facebook page for your app
isn't likely to be people that use the
app at least people that have it
downloaded you know installed on on
their device and and when you advertise
to friends of page likes it will show
people that their friend likes your page
in that ad so let's say for example I
like you know app calm as a company I
like their Facebook page on Facebook if
you were to advertise to my friends on
Facebook and ad for app calm it will say
at the top of the ad Ben Heath likes app
calm and that acts as a bit of social
proof like a mini endorsement from me to
those people that this app is worth you
know checking out worth testing maybe
even worth using and that works really
really well particularly if your app has
a social element or there's user
interaction if people can see that their
friend likes your page which probably
means that they use the app and that's
really gonna help drive app installs and
drive engagement so what we found when
we tested this is that they didn't
generate as cheaper cost per app
installed as the look-alike audiences
did but the engagement from those from
that campaign that targeting option was
really really good cuz people can see
that their friends use the app they
might go on and ask their friend about
it and use it a bit more and it carries
that weight because of that small amount
of social proof so if you are and
looking to scale up your campaigns you
want to go beyond look-alike audiences
definitely look to target friends of
page like so that's something I would
recommend okay before you go I'd love to
know which one of these four pieces of
success you're going to implement first
so you're going to create a look-alike
audience and start advertising to those
people are you going to try recorded
video ads for your app let me know in
the comment section below I'd really
appreciate that and if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up subscribe to
my channel and you'll get more really
high quality Facebook advertising
content just like this thanks guys
you